hi everybody um this is Elena and I just
had a shopping spree at walmart / rite
aid so um I went to the apartment and
got a lot of Rob lon I love revlon it's
probably favorite drugstore brand great
quality so um and some Maybelline
mascara and yeah so okay here goes so
first I got another bottle of my
foundation revlon colorstay for
combination oily skin and i briefly yeah
110 and this is ha i'm sure if you've
been on YouTube for any amount of time
you'll know that revlon colorstay is an
amazing drugstore foundation full
coverage um very long-lasting the other
thing i don't like about it is that it's
pretty thick but and sometimes it's hard
to blend but it's still it's a great bye
great bye i love it i also got rough one
photo ready foundation in um three shell
yep and I've put some great things loud
I've heard some not great things about
it maybe I'll do a review but um yeah my
cutter to test it up I'm not sure how
we'll all like it but yeah we'll see it
was on sale so the next thing I got
where three revlon lipsticks and this
first one is I think it's that were one
of their cream colors i'm not sure but
um it's a coral color i've already used
it i love it so much um
if you haven't tried out all the
lipsticks i highly suggest that you do a
lot of people don't like the smell of it
personally i don't think i have smell
might be because i have allergies and I
really congested but whatever yeah it's
just it's a beautiful cover or beautiful
color and yeah and then the next color I
got it's just one of their um super
lustrous lipsticks pearl number 6 57
fuchsia it's I love this color this is
my first branch into um fuchsia
territory and i can say that i am lucky
so i'ma dog is growling at me it's kinda
weird um my first fuchsia lipstick and i
can say that it's definitely especially
this one because it's very pigmented and
it's very opaque but the color the color
is so buildable so I'd suggest that and
then I just got when they're cream
lipstick 720 fire and ice it's one of my
favorite Reds one of my friends use that
using this um and a phone love with a
mess we're in right now it's a great
color it's a great color and here are
some swatches on the left is coral
middle fuchsia and on the right is fire
in red or fire and ice sorry they're
just great colors the next thing I got
was um rough one illuminance creme
shadows one of their quads this has been
black magic 7-eleven and open it maybe
and it comes with a little mirror and
some cream shadows I did some swatches
so you can't really see it but I haven't
really played around with this too much
I used to have another one but the
formulas change so I you feel like it
can't really give my full of me not yet
but from what I've heard from a lot of
people that crease but I've had these on
my hand for about an hour now
they haven't creased it all so I guess
it just depends on your body's chemistry
but for now I really love the UM the
outer to the silver and the white
because they're great highlight colors
and the pink it's very sheer but it's
both a lot and a beautiful color on the
black it's just blacked out it's not my
favorite but you know might be able to
use it then oh my dad went to a garage
sale today the gat means cutest all
necklace yeah it's not part of the whole
or whatever then at walmart I suggest
everyone go out to the local Walmart and
go to make up section go to Maybelline
yeah 3 full-size mascara is for ten
dollars not ten dollars each the entire
thing for ten dollars and I am so
excited because these are about eight to
ten dollars normally but gotta pretend
so yeah it comes with comes with lash
stiletto the final ash and called the
colossal volume Express and excuse me
I'm very excited because it was such a
good deal and get to do some reviews on
it to some compare frozen-columns things
like that so yeah that's all my all my
new stuff but so yeah I if you're
running out of mascara and you want to
try out some new ones definitely get
these three from go to Walmart and it's
a great deal hopefully they have it if
you go and look for it yeah I'm going to
do a review on these just to get my
opinion
see about that so yeah there's my hall I
don't really know how to end these so um
subscribe comment whatever have a good
day